things to address that were discovered in testing:
we still get a "No such room" message when loading a new game.

sitOn.... do we want to change it?
on death, inventory should be removed and dropped in room. (Drei)
transform event (with white dragon) does not transform or remove the egg.

Still working on the teleport event. It is now causing 2 issues:
1- it doesn't actually move you
2- it says you can't throw an item when you can actually throw it
	example: dragonglass

idea: incorporate a 'help' command that gives players an overview of availible commands.
	example:  help
		Zork++ is a text based adventure game where you interact with the system by typing various commands into the system.
		MOVING IN THE WORLD:
		each room or chamber in a dungeron has a selection of availible directions you can move. The first time you enter 
		a room these will be listed out for you along with the description of the room:
		Example: 
			Winterfell
			You stand within a huge castle complex spanning several acres, consisting of two massive walls and a village			    located just outside. Banners featuring the head of a direwold are flagging in the chilly breeze.

			You can go s to North Kingroad.
			You can go n to The Wall.

		In the Winterfell room, you can move north (n) or south(s).

		To move in the desired direction type the letter listed for that direction.
		Example:
			> n
		
		If you visit a room that you have previouslly been in, the game will only display the name of the room instead of
 		the full description and the list of exits. If you need to see the list of exits, or want to re-read the full 
		description of the room, you can use the "look" command in the room you want to see this information from.
		Example:
			Rotunda
			> look

			Rotunda
			You are in a beutiful round entry chamber, with tall white pillars that seemingly reach to the skies. There
			is an elevator here.
			
			You can go u to the Rotunda balcony.
			You can go d to the Basement hallway.

		INTERACTING WITH THE WORLD:
		While moving around the world is important, you will also need to interact with it. As of version 0.1b, you do this
		by interacting with items that are scattered through out the world. When you enter a room the items in that room 
		will be listed out.
		Example:
			Winterfell
			There is a dagger here.
			There is a WhiteDragonEgg here.
			There is a dragonglass here.

		You can add these items to your personal inventory by taking them. 
		You can take each item individually by the typing the 'take' command followed by the name of the item.
		Example:
			take dagger
		This will take the dagger, placing it in your personal inventory and removing it from the room.
		You can also try to take all of the items at one time by typing 'take all'. This will attempt to add all of the
		items in the room to your inventory. Remember, you can only carry so much at a given time. If the total weight of 
		all of the items plus the items in your inventory already exceeds your maximum carrying capacity, you will get a
		warning about this:
		Example:
			> take all
			Your load is too heavy to take all that stuff.
		
		You can also remove an item from your inventory and put it in your current room by using the 'drop' command 
		followed by the name of the item you wish to drop, or 'all' to empty your inventory.
		Example:
			>drop all
			zaku dropped
			pizza dropped
			WingGundam dropped
			microwaveBurrito dropped
		
		It's helpful to know how much something weighs. For this reason there is the 'weight' command. Simply type 'weight'
		followed by the name of the item.
		Example:
			> weight StarWarsToy
			> the StarWarsToy weighs 5 pounds.

		Most items have additional actions associated with them. You can throw a dagger, crush an empty can, and eat a 
		dounut for instance. 
		To perform a given action, simply type the action followed by the item name.
		Example:
			> eat pizza
			> you feel full... and a little gassy.

		However, not all items have all the same actions. You can't eat a dagger or wear a broadsword
		afterall. 
		Knowing what you can do with each item can be problematic as the actual action may not be obvious or you get used
		to only performing certain actions that you may not think that a certain action is availible (Kicking a bomb for
		instance). To help with this, there is the 'options' command. This will list the availible actions for a given item.
	        Simply type "options" followed by the name of the item.			
		Example:
			>options DrPepper
			> You can perform the following actions on the DrPepper:
			> kick,shake,drink
		
		Some items will be known by multiple names. A DrPepper may also be known as 'soda' or 'can'. This can be a benefit
                because it is easier to type one of these other names instead of the items main name (Typing "glass" is a lot easier
                and faster then "WhiteDragonGlassGoblet" for instance.) 
		To find the availible alternate names a given item, you can use the 'alias' command followed by the name of the 
		given item;
		Example:
			>alias OptimusPrimeToy
			> the OptimusPrimeToy is also known by the following aliases:
			>  Transformer,transformertoy,mechatoy
		
		
		As you can see there is a lot of information and commands associated with items. Would be nice if there was a
		way to get all of this informaiton at once right? Oh... wait there is. The "info" command. Just like the options,
		alias and weight commands, simply type "info" followed by the name of the item you want info on. 
		Example:
			> info DrPepper
			> You can perform the following actions on the DrPepper:
			> kick,shake,drink
			> the DrPepper weighs 10 pounds
			> the DrPepper is also known by the following aliases:
			> can, soda



Apon death, item drop behavior has issues:
	after picking up the dragonglass and the bastardsword from the wall, heading south 6 times to kings landing and picking up the necklace before
	dying by lighting the wildfire results in:
		a dragonglass in your inventory apon respawn at winterfall
		the necklace and bastardsword are correctly placed in kings landing where you died.

	after dying with the whitedragonegg in pentos, there was only one whitedragonegg instead of two apon return to pentos.
